How to exchange Bitcoin BTC or Ethereum ETH cryptocurrency to payoneer and vice versa

This article and howto will explain working solution how to exchange bitcoin (BTC) or ethereum (ETH) to Payoneer wallet and vice versa, Payoneer to crypto currencies.

Payoneer wallet is a world wide service to pay out earnings to bank card. It is not just internet wallet. Payoneer is an online service that provides personal area to manage their issued bank cards. Payoneer issues MasterCard cards with name identities which are nominated in USD dollars or EUR euros. Always, cards are issued by Bank of America physically. Card holder can withdraw cash using ATM world wide and the service just gets little comission about 1-5%. Also, there are commissions quite for all operations including monthly tax for money keeping. But for worldwide service it is very economically profitable to use Payoneer bank cards.

Payoneer cards are not just bank cards, they are Payoneer cards, because Payoneer just issues cards by banks physically and provides its own payment services. Also, they provides service to get payments from US and Europe corporations/companies via special banking accounts so companies pay Payoneer user as they pay internal company or person via physical bank account. It is very useful to get paid man in the any point of Earth from US or Europe companies.

Lets talk about cryptocurrencies. There are a lot of them, a lot of kind of cryptocurrencies. But much useful and main are Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH) and a couple of others. Crypto currencies are digital blockchain constructed and decentralize organizated by miners around the world (most in Asia) currencies that are illegal in most countries and doesn't protect by governement regulations. But they are usefull for investment goals. For instance, BTC can grow expensive 100% at just one day. Their another charm is they are write only so if you transfer funds it cannot be undone also they are open and you can clearly see yours or your receiver transactions using ID on https://blockchain.info website. But the main problem - how to exchange real money for/from crypto currencies?

